[Native] Add static mapping of a native query config (#25114)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties-session.rst

This should only be used for debugging purposes.

``native_debug_lambda_function_evaluation_batch_size``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``integer``
* **Default value:** ``10000``

Some lambda functions over arrays and maps are evaluated in batches of the underlying elements that comprise the

> arrays/maps. This is done to make the batch size manageable as array vectors can have thousands of elements each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arrays or maps. This is done to make the batch size manageable because array vectors can have thousands of elements,
```

> and hit scaling limits as implementations typically expect BaseVectors to a couple of thousand entries. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and hit scaling limits as implementations typically expect BaseVectors to a couple of thousand entries.
```

> lets up tune those batch sizes. Setting this to zero is setting unlimited batch size. Setting this to zero will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Setting this to zero is setting unlimited batch size. Setting this to zero will
```

> set an unlimited batch size. Default is 10,000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set an unlimited batch size. 
```
